14th century Latin Carthusain manuscript
Arc folio scans 27-30
most likely a part of prayer book used for mass
each colloum apears to have an indroction and conclusion line for the preist to be able to introduce the particular passage and connect it back to the servic he is preforming
Roman numerals on the front and back
Front:CXII
Back: C.V
The colomn on the second front page to the right is the Book of Luke chapter 22 from the latin vulgate bible
The passage contains: the treason of Judas. The last supper. And the first part of the hisory of the passion
(fill in as much as possible)

The measurments of the folio are: hieght 29 1/2 cms x 44cms width
wieght of parchment: thin and light
No trimming , but rough worn edges with tear marks
The front and back of the folio apear to be the same colour, not obvous which one is hair side and which one is flech side.
No apearent water marks to be found (atleast none that apear when a source of light is shone thrown he manuscript
Collomns: 24 lines x 2 collomns
48 lines of text per page
8 colloums total
4 in front part of folio, 4 in back
The manuscript apears to be ruled in pencil with lines going up and and accross each collomn
Catchwords: A fancy gold 102 sorounded by dots (most be another 102 on another Curthusain mancusript somewhere if it survivved)
Folio page numbers
Front:CXII
Back: C.V
type of script used: Bible Latine: debut de Livre de la Genese (best guess)
written text: It appears to have majuscule text followed by miniscule, however it might simply all be majuscule and be written by the hand of different scribe.
The text apears to be straight up and down, no italics or such
The text is very difficult to read becuase it is full of bitten words and lots of medieval abbrevations
All the S's look like F's
The text appears to change from large almost "print like" Latin letters to snall cramped hastily written latin letters several times in the course of the script
Punctation: periods . ans what apears to perhaps be a semi colon ;
Lots and lots of medaival abbrevations each disernable by an accent on each them in order to tell them apart
3 obvous corrections made
1. Erased text at the bottom of the front page and rewritten
2. The scribe appeared to add a missing word in the middle of the text:
 ^
ter
3.as well as another missing word at the bottom of the page
te
^
The two added words look like it might be a correction by the same scribe as they both appear to be very neat. Whereas the other correction at the bottom of the page looks messy and sloppily done, compared to the rest of the script.
it appears a large chunk at the bottom of the first page has been erased and hastily written over, as it does not appear to match the text on the rest of the manuscript
Illuminated initials: One large I, may have once been illuminated but only faded blue and red remain.
May have been an image on the bottom of the front page as there appears to be a large faded floral design that may have contained an image or story
iii.	rubrications, 
9 red rubrications in total
1.Offr
2.Como
3.coplet
4.Supppr
5. fri…
6. not sure
8.Passio…
9. a long red rubrication
Yes, 7 decorative initials. 1 B? 2.H 3.P. 4.H 5.? 6. O (very decorative) 7. I (very large, descends down most of final collomn)
5 decorative flourishes, all 5 of them are on the third column og the front page of the folio, look like fancy V’s or B’s
One large faded floral design on the right bottom side of the second page of the folio. 
v.	Marginalia?
vi.	No notes in the margins, very clean.
Imperfections:One very small liquid stain at the bottom of the back page (looks like coffee)
A small chunk missing out of the left side of the front page.
Rips in the binding
Apparent water damage on both the left, right and perhaps top of the manuscript
One small hole on the right. (might be a small imperfection that was cut away by the scribe or simply a small hole
Bibliography:
The dictionary of mediaeval manuscript abbreviations 
The book of luke, vulgate bible, chapter 22, Douay Reims version
Kris Shaffer, "Push, Pull, Fork: GitHub for Academics" Hybrid Pedagogy (May, 2013)
Erik Kwakkel, "Biting, Kissing and the Treatment of Feet: The Transitional Script of the Long Twelfth Century," in Turning over a New Leaf __(Open Access book).
